squidward we don't need television not
as long as we have our imagination huh
yeah are you ready to learn with one of
the most popular cartoons of all time in
today's lesson we go under the sea with
SpongeBob SquarePants and his friends
Patrick Starr and Squidward we will be
learning with three clips from three
different episodes which you might
remember if you've ever watched this
classic series so let's dive in when I
thought they couldn't get any stupider
let me get this straight you two ordered
a giant screen television just so you
could play in the box please man huh I
thought it would work yeah that's quite
a plan there hey just before we jump
into learning with this clip I wanted to
let you know that if you're new here
every single week we make fun lessons
just like this one so that you can learn
to understand fast speaking natives
without getting lost without this in the
jokes and without subtitles
just like Paula who says that she's
learning how English is really spoken
not health she learned at the academies
and you will too
all you have to do is hit that subscribe
button and the bell down below so you
don't miss any of our new lessons
[Music]
Prine no television if an object is
brand-new it is completely new meaning
it was made or purchased very recently
guess what in the world is in there oh
Claire why is there a fully cooked
turkey in the backpack we left at your
house you know this was a brand-new
backpack it does have turkey juice all
up in it brand-new television spongebob
here uses the word easy as an
exclamation which you can do for asking
somebody else to act carefully
especially when they are performing some
kind of risky task like Patrick carrying
the heavy TV
blue Raja you know me
Aladdin
[Music]
here Thanks oh it is a shorter way of
saying the full expression take it easy
meaning a request for somebody perceived
calmly and in a relaxed manner yes when
I thought they couldn't get any stupider
squidward means he didn't think
SpongeBob and Patrick could be any more
silly so he says just when he thought
that they actually went beyond and
became even more stupid or stupider
stupider is the comparative form of the
adjective stupid it is an alternative to
saying the words more stupid stupid is
one of the few adjectives where the
comparative form can be said both ways
normally comparative adjectives appear
as one of these two options for short
adjectives
adjectives + er example cooler faster
smarter for long adjectives more plus
adjectives example more intelligent more
creative more fascinating let me get
this straight you two ordered a giant
screen television just so you could play
in the back let me get this straight is
an expression used in a conversation
when somebody wants to make sure that
their understanding is correct so after
saying it the speaker usually explains
what he or she was able to understand
while expecting the other person to
confirm let me get this straight
you two ordered a giant screen
television just so you could play in the
box check out this other example
let me get the strip professor you
actually give us permission to do this
now just correct oh boy boom-boom it can
also be used when somebody doesn't fully
believe what they've heard I'm sorry
it's not here let me get this straight
I called yesterday try to cancel my
reservation was told it's not refundable
then we drove six hours all the way up
here and now you're telling me that we
don't have a reservation I don't know
what to say so
Squidward says to SpongeBob and Patrick
you two ordered a giant screen
television just so you could play in the
box the verb to order is normally used
when requesting something to be made or
delivered to you normally as you buy
that item for example if you buy TV on
the internet from Amazon you can also
say you have ordered a TV on Amazon or
in this other scene from SpongeBob when
talking about food in a restaurant may I
please take your order
[Music]
Patrick if I could make a suggestion why
don't you just order a krabby patty
ruler - Squidward one krabby patty
please
is that per here to go
[Music]
you two ordered a giant screen
television just so you could play in the
Box giant screen is a compound adjective
made of two words describing something
that has a giant screen in English you
can combine two words to create
adjectives however note that in these
cases they are connected by a hyphen
that does not change anything in
pronunciation but it's definitely
important to remember for writing so for
example when talking about a document
that has six pages we can refer to it as
a six page document and a TV that has a
giant screen is a giant screen TV but
it's mine huh pretty is an informal way
to emphasize an adjective but not
extremely example his house is not
exactly a mansion but it's pretty big
it's got eight bedrooms I think it is so
cool
that you started your own law firm Wow
right now it's a pretty small practice
it's not that small
roat's really small he's mine huh
yeah that's quite a plan there if you
say that an idea is quite a plan you
mean that you think it is a great or
impressive plan so when we say quite a
noun we are indicating that we think the
specified person or thing is
particularly notable remarkable or
impressive I am going to make him
apologize for all the crap he pulled on
me in school Krabby Patties yeah well
not me you know we say that's me
never had one never well well you've
gotta have one right now no wonder
you're always so miserable here try this
garbage outta my face a patty is a piece
of food normally meat made into a disk
shape that is then cooked patties calmly
go in burgers so while the word crabby
with the K is a made-up word it is
actually a play on words crabby it can
refer to a crab this animal which lives
in the ocean or it can refer to a person
who gets easily annoyed example he's a
rather crabby old man always complaining
about everything I hate
ah good one Squidward if somebody
intentionally said something funny like
a joke and you actually find it funny
you may tell them that it was a good one
I've got a stack of documents on my desk
this high you know we should do just
toss them in the shredder and claim you
never got that's a good one by the way
the name Squidward has the word squid in
it which is how we called this animal
that looks similar to an octopus yeah
well not me that's me never had one
never well so in these lines we see the
verbs taste and have being used to refer
to the same thing to eat so what is the
difference between them to taste refers
to feeling the sensation of flavor in
the mouth and throat on contact with a
substance while it probably means you
also ate the food it gives you more the
idea of trying it now to have an eat can
normally be used interchangeably that is
they have the same application however
there are some cases where you would
prefer saying have for example at a
restaurant while making your order I'll
have a cheeseburger
also the verb have needs to be
collocated with a food in order for it
to have such a meaning
otherwise you must always use the verb
to eat I'm starving let's eat
that's me never had one never well if
somebody is miserable they are extremely
unhappy uncomfortable or in a very bad
condition you can say the expression no
wonder when you find out the reason for
something that had been a mystery for
you for some time and when you discover
the reason that fact is not so shocking
or surprising to you anymore
so spongebob just found out that
Squidward has never had a krabby patty
so he assumes that that is the reason
why he has always seemed so unhappy no
wonder you're always so miserable here
try this garbage outta my face garbage
is waste material or unwanted things
that you throw away trash
Squidward means he thinks the krabby
patty is so terrible or insignificant
that he could throw it in the trash just
like garbage
[Music]
hey the Mail's here what'd you get it's
funny I don't remember subscribing to
fancy live in digest
look at these glossy depictions of a
higher standard of living
give me that stealing my melee hey squid
me how do the people in that magazine
get all that money they're entrepreneurs
they sell things to people
quick Patrick without thinking if you
could have anything in the world right
now what would it be
more time for thinking the rules here
would you do did you hear how patrick
said this sentence this is a good
example of how natives actually speak in
comparison to how you would normally
hear while learning English in school
first notice he silences the letter T in
both the words what and get would you do
would you hear now listen to how he
pronounces the word did it actually got
reduced to just a deep would you do so
when that happens it's common for that
letter D to sound like this for example
where did you go last night
where do you go last night however if
you listen closely to Patrick's line
you'll hear something slightly different
from a D sound very verbose here would
you give in fact that is a J sound so
instead of what did you he simply says
would you this happens because the
letter D is followed by you and when
combining a D plus a function word
starting with Y natives often do a J
sound instead resulting in the sound we
hear from Patrick let's listen again and
now try to repeat after him
hey the Mail's here what'd you get
what'd ya
check out these other examples with the
TV series friends
oh yeah yeah look what I got look at I
get oh yeah yeah look what I got
they're gonna get Robert could you uh
pass me those cookies could you uh those
cookies Robert could you uh pass me
those cookies sure so would you like to
master how needed really speak just like
you did here with the morphing of the D
plus the Y sound well the most fun way
to do it is with our fluent with friends
course in this forty eight week course
you'll learn alongside the first two
seasons of the TV series friends plus
you get 20 plus page P of power lessons
vocabulary memorization software access
to our Flutie's for gold global
community and so much more and you can
try that for free right now with our
three-part master class all you have to
do is click up here or down on the
scription below and you can learn more
and sign for that right now the Mail's
here
would you give it's funny I don't
remember subscribing to fancy live in
digest if you subscribe to something
like a magazine or newspaper you are
registering and paying money in order to
receive it regularly in this case a
digest is a noun meaning a compilation
or summary of material or information
it's a word commonly used in names for
magazines
as is the case for the one spongebob is
holding as an adjective fancy to find
something that is expensive
sophisticated or connected with an
expensive way of life this is obviously
a fake magazine that is humorously
making fun of real magazines look at
these glossy depictions of a higher
standard of living here Sponge Bob uses
a few more advanced words to describe
what he sees in the magazine which
sounds funny considering spongebob
doesn't usually make use of this type of
vocabulary literally glossy refers to
looking shiny and smooth especially in
the context of beauty this is referring
to the pages of the magazine while
papers that you would print at home
usually have a matte style more
expensive prints such as those used for
publications or photos can be glossy
this can give a sense of the prints
being of higher quality
look at these glossy depictions of a
higher standard of living a depiction is
a representation of something example in
the books Harry Potter is depicted as a
brave teenager so spongebob says that he
sees glossy depictions of a higher
standard of living standard of living
refers to how well or how poorly a
person lives in terms of wealth so a
higher standard of living refers to
being at a high level of wealth in other
words of being rich give me that
stealing my mail right hey Squidward how
do the people in that magazine get all
that money they're entrepreneurs they
sell banks to people an entrepreneur is
someone who starts and manages their own
business usually with considerable
initiative and risk for example Elon
Musk is a well known entrepreneur having
started and managed many successful
businesses in his life hey if you enjoy
spongebob then I bet you will also
really love this lesson that we made
with the anime classic Dragon Ball Z you
can watch that after you change this
lesson by clicking up here
[Music]
brand-new television
just when I thought they couldn't get
any stupider let me get this straight
you two ordered a giant screen
television just so you could play in the
box
wait smart huh I thought it would work
yeah that's quite a plan there
I hate Krabby Patties everyone loves
Krabby Patties yeah well not me you know
what we say that's me
never had one never well well you've
gotta have one right now
no wonder you're always so miserable
[Music]
here try this garment out of my face
hey the Mail's here what'd you get it's
funny I don't remember subscribing to
fancy live in digest look at these
glossy depictions of a higher standard
of living give me that stealing my mail
right hey Squidward how do the people in
that magazine get all that money they're
entrepreneurs
[Music]
they're entrepreneurs they sell things
to people
quick Patrick without thinking if you
could have anything in the world right
now what would it be no time for surgery
so if you enjoyed today's lesson with
spongebob remember to give us a like
down below to let us know that you would
like more lessons like this and you're
doing a fantastic job so continue your
English learning journey with one of the
videos here and now it's time to go
beyond the classroom and living life oh
yeah
[Music]